LinearEquation Class


Instance Variables:
private int x1, y1;
Stores the x and y coordinates of the first point.
private int x2, y2;
Stores the x and y coordinates of the second point.


Constructor:
public LinearEquation(int x1, int y1, int x2, int y2)
Initializes the instance variables using the coordinates of the two points. The constructor ensures that x1 != x2 as a precondition.
Methods:


public double distance()
Calculates the distance between the two points using the distance formula:
distance = sqrt((x2 - x1)^2 + (y2 - y1)^2)
Returns the distance, rounded to the nearest hundredth.


public String slope()
Calculates the slope of the line using the formula:
slope = (y2 - y1) / (x2 - x1)
If the slope is an integer, returns it as a fraction.
If the slope is undefined the constructor ensures this won't happen.
public double yIntercept()
Uses the formula y = mx + b to solve for the y-intercept.
Returns the y-intercept, rounded to the nearest hundredth.

public String equation()
Constructs a String representing the linear equation.
Uses the slope from slope() and the y-intercept from yIntercept().
public String toString()
Prints out:
The original points.
The equation of the line in slope-intercept form.
The slope of the line.
The y-intercept.
The distance between the points.
public String solveForY(double xValue)
Given an x-value, solves for the corresponding y-value using the equation y = mx + b.
Returns the coordinate (x, y) as a String.

EquationRunner Class
Ask user for first coordinate

Input format: (x1, y1)

Use Scanner to accept input and parse the x1 and y1 values from the string.

Ask user for second coordinate

Input format: (x2, y2)

Again, use Scanner to accept input and parse the x2 and y2 values.

Create LinearEquation object

Pass the parsed values into the constructor.

Call and display results from LinearEquation

Print the original points.

Print the equation of the line.

Print the slope.

Print the y-intercept.

Print the distance between the two points.

Ask user for an x-value to solve for y

Input: A double value for x.

Use the solveForY() method to calculate and display the coordinate (x, y).

